Cucumber Class 03, January 19, 2020

feature = we give a path to our feature file
glue = path to our stepdefinitions
dryRun = it shows missing steps, it can be true or false.
monograph =
strict = it shows unimplmenented steps, it runs the test, when it comes to unimplement steps it will fail
tags = we run specific scenario. We specify inside our feature file
plugin = gives us report we want to get.
Hooks = used ot define methods that we will always execute. It executes before scenario and after scenario, no matter what.
Hooks is a class inside our... it is completely independent.

Background (in feature)
we specify this in specified feature only if the steps are common from the beginning
common steps in all teh scenarios in one specific feature
ie:
When    login with valid credentials
Then     navigate to add employee page

What is the difference between Hooks and Background
Hooks = is implemented for all the features across the project and are based on annotations @Before and @After
Background = only for the specified feature file and only initial common steps for all scenarios in the feature

We set dryRun as TRUE = we get unimplemented snippets, only for this purpose

What is difference Scenario Outline and Scenario

Scenario will run the steps only once and finish the execution.
Scenario outline will run all the steps the number of times as you have many set fo data you have in your Examples.
In outline scenario we perform data driven test


Data Driven Test in Cucumber can be performed in 2 ways
1. Scenario Outline with @xamples
2. Datatable

Whenever we use Scenario Outline we must use Examples.

Parameter = we provide in ""

Scenario vs Scenario Outline:
Scenario will run the steps only once and finish the eecution

Scenario outline will run all the steps same number of time depending on how many sets of data
you have stored inside Examples. Examples is a MUST for scenario outline.

DataTable does not require to use Scenario OUtline, we can use regular Scenario, adn does not require examples,
it will run.

expected = what I want to see
actual = actual on the UI, on the page


HW:
Search for employee
5 sets fo data for searching by id
5 sets fo data searching by name
use background, and scenario outline

